FEEDHENRY END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

PLEASE READ THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING
THIS SOFTWARE. BY USING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO AND
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGE YOU HAVE
READ AND UNDERSTAND THE TERMS. AN INDIVIDUAL ACTING ON BEHALF OF AN
ENTITY REPRESENTS THAT HE OR SHE HAS THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THIS
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF THAT ENTITY. IF YOU DO NOT
ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEN YOU MUST NOT USE THE
SOFTWARE.

This end user license agreement ("EULA") governs the use of the
software contained in those private repositories, located at
http://github.com/feedhenry-staff, that contain a copy of this EULA,
and any related updates, upgrades, versions, appearance, structure and
organization (the "Software"), regardless of the delivery mechanism.

1. Relationship to NDA. You may use the Software only if You have also
signed a Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement with Red Hat, Inc. or one of
its affiliates, as set forth at https://www.redhat.com/wapps/tnc/nda
("NDA"). In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions
of this EULA and the NDA, the NDA shall take precedence. However, the
NDA shall not be construed to expand the license terms governing the
Software beyond what is stated in this EULA.

2.  License Grant.  Subject to the terms of this EULA, Red Hat,
Inc. and its affiliates ("Red Hat") grant to you ("You") a
non-transferable, non-exclusive, worldwide, non-sublicensable,
limited, revocable license to use the Software. You acquire only the
right to use the Software and do not acquire any rights of
ownership. Red Hat reserves all rights to the Software not expressly
granted to You. This license grant does not limit Your rights under
the license terms of any software that is subject to an open source
license. If, at a later date, any portion of the Software is publicly
released by Red Hat under an open source license, then this EULA shall
automatically terminate as to such portion and the portion shall
instead be licensed to You under such open source license.
 
3.  Intellectual Property Rights.  The Software and each of its
components are owned by Red Hat and other licensors and are protected
under copyright law and other laws as applicable. Title to the
Software and any component, or to any copy, modification, or merged
portion shall remain with Red Hat and other licensors, subject to the
applicable license. This EULA does not authorize You to: (a) copy,
distribute, reproduce, use or allow third party access to the Software
except as expressly authorized hereunder; (b) create a derivative work
of any part of the Software; or (c) remove any trademarks, trade names
or titles, copyright notices or any other proprietary marking on the
Software.

4.  Use Limitation. All use of the Software shall be limited to review
and testing purposes and not for production use.

5.  No Warranty.  Except as specifically stated in this Section
5, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THE SOFTWARE
AND THE COMPONENTS ARE LICENSED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

6.  Limitation of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER
APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL RED HAT OR ITS AFFILIATES
BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES,
INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF RED HAT OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

6.  General.  If any provision of this EULA is held to be
unenforceable, the enforceability of the remaining provisions shall
not be affected. Any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or
relating to this EULA shall be governed by the laws of the State of
New York and of the United States, without regard to any conflict of
laws provisions. The rights and obligations of the parties to this
EULA shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on the
International Sale of Goods.

Copyright 2016 Red Hat, Inc.  "Red Hat" and "FeedHenry" are
registered trademarks of Red Hat, Inc.



